hi welcome back sorry for the delay in
uploading
instead of our regularly scheduled video
today we're going to have a quick
comparison between this my laptop and if
a paper a4 notebook which one's lighter
and they feel about the same call that a
draw which one's thinner about the same
which one's better at editing videos
that are more than a few minutes long I
hang on let me check yeah neither of
them can do that at all I have the first
video all shot and worked out has been
trying to edit it for a long time now
but it's just not going to work the
laptop is not powerful enough so long
story short I am building a PC parts
around the way I'm going to delete this
video obviously when I get the actual
one up but just have patience and I'll
see you again soon
[Music]
quiet on set